Move in vs. satisfies to a note and mention special cases of in (#41727)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/packaging_guide.rst

   elif "mvapich" in spec:
       configure_args.append("--with-mvapich")

It's also a bit more concise than satisfies.

.. note::

>    The ``satisfies()`` method tests whether spec constraints intersect, while
>    ``in`` tests whether a spec or any of its dependencies satisfy the provided
>    spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ``satisfies()`` method tests whether this spec has, at least, all the constraints of the argument spec,
   while ``in`` tests whether a spec or any of its dependencies satisfy the provided spec.
```

Author: My bad.  I was trying to minimize differences for what I'd thought was a "quick" change.

Reviewer: No worries!

>    provided spec.

Reviewer: `satisfies` has a subset semantic, so it's stricter than just overlapping (that I think would be `intersects`).
